services/streamlit/README.md, before:

# About

A [`streamlit`](streamlit.io) interface to use a news classifier from an AWS lambda function.

It consumes an environment variable `LAMBDA_URL` that points to an API endpoint that serves predictions from a lambda function.

## Screenshot

![screenshot](./screenshot.png)

## Getting started

1. Install docker
2. Use the docker-compose file in the root of the project to build and launch the `streamlit` service
   1. `docker compose pull streamlit && docker compose up -d streamlit`

## Contributing

0. Navigate to the root of the project
1. Install `pre-commit` hooks with `make install-pre-commit`
2. Use the docker-compose file in the root of the project to build and launch the `streamlit` service
   1. pass the `override` config to mount the local directory to the container: `docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.override.yml up -d streamlit`
   2. You'll need the `lambda` service running as well: `docker compose up -d lambda`
3. Make changes to the code and commit them to a new branch
4. Once you are happy with your changes, open a pull request

Commit message:

Clean up code (#19)
* minor cosmetics in docker-compose

* removed unused .env.sample

* updated pre-commit

* fixed makefile

* moved notebook to new folder

* tidy up readmes

* moved scripts in app

* updated data train_model

* renamed model

* updated environment

* ignore wandb folder

* ignoring artifacts

* updated docs images

* updated notebooks

* fixed streamlit

* readded account id in .env sample

* [pre-commit.ci] auto fixes from pre-commit.com hooks

for more information, see https://pre-commit.ci

* removed unused requirements

* fixed readme

* restored old poetry requirements

Co-authored-by: pre-commit-ci[bot] <66853113+pre-commit-ci[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

services/streamlit/README.md, after:

# About

A [`streamlit`](streamlit.io) interface to use a news classifier accessible via an AWS Lambda function.

It consumes an environment variable `LAMBDA_URL` that points to an API endpoint that serves predictions from the AWS Lambda function.

## Screenshot

![screenshot](/docs/streamlit-UI-screenshot.png)

## Start UI locally

Requirements:

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

1. Make sure the `lambda` API service is up on running or start it. More info [here](/services/lambda/README.md#start-api-locally-in-a-docker-container)
2. Use the `docker-compose` file (in the root of the project) to build and launch the `streamlit` service and pass the `override` config to set the ports and mount the local directory to the container:

   ```bash
   docker compose build streamlit
   docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.override.yml up -d streamlit
   ```

3. Access the UI at http://localhost:8030/dashboard

## Contributing to the Streamlit UI service

0. Navigate to the root of the project
1. Launch locally the `streamlit` and the `lambda` services using the `dev` config for `docker-compose`. This will mount the local directory to the container and it will allow you to change the local files and see changes in the UI straight away:

      ```bash
      docker compose build streamlit lambda
      docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.override.yml up -d streamlit lambda
      ```
2. Make changes to the code and commit them to a new branch
3. Once you are happy with your changes, open a pull request
